# My-Portfolio (Heinrich Venter - Software Developer)

Full stack software developer. Somebody who has the skill and mindset who goes beyond the norm to accomplish any task set in front of him with the drive to overcome any obstacle, a drive which only can be tamed by excelling, needing to be in an environment where challenges awaits, where the next day is never the same as the day before.

I’m a web developer. I spend my whole day, practically every day, experimenting with Html, CSS, and JavaScript; dabbling with C# and Node.js. I love to build websites that delight and inform and which focuses on user experience. I’m curious, and I enjoy work that challenges me to learn something new and stretch in a different direction. I do my best to stay on top of changes in the state of the art so that I can meet challenges with tools well suited to the job at hand. I am technically competent and industry aware which means that each project I take on, is undertaken with the most up-to-date and relevant programming foundations available.

A strong communicator with the ability to convey ideas clearly with an emphasis on client satisfaction. I am thorough and precise in everything I do, and also have a keen interest in technology, mobile applications and user experience. As someone who takes responsibility for my own personal development, I am continually evaluating and upgrading my skills so that I stay at the cutting edge of web development. ##How I keep my skills sharp I feel the best way to keep my skills on point is to collaborate with other fellow developers in different teams because there's always someone who knows something that you might not have known previously. I believe you learn something new each and every day. I try and read as many blogs and media posts from all the big players in the Tech world as I can. If there's a new cutting-edge software/product out there ill be one of the first people to have it already installed.
